adding instructions for PS (#1457)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-c: sdk/samples/iot/docs/how_to_iot_hub_esp8266_nodemcu.md

    NOTE: Device keys are used to automatically generate a SAS token for authentication, which is only valid for one hour.

- Have the latest [Arduino IDE](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/Software) installed.

> 

Reviewer: Extra new line not necessary.

> - Install the Esp8266 board support on Arduino IDE.

Reviewer 2: nit:
unify capitalization or non-capitalization (IE `Esp8266` or `ESP8266`)

> - Install the Esp8266 board support on Arduino IDE.

Reviewer: I would keep the same sentence structure as other bullet points in section:
```suggestion
- Have the [ESP8266 board support](https://github.com/esp8266/Arduino#installing-with-boards-manager) installed on Arduino IDE. ESP8266 boards are not natively supported by Arduino IDE, so you need to add them manually.
```

1. Create an Arduino library for the Azure SDK for Embedded C.

    On Windows: Use the PowerShell commands below. 

    ```powershell
    PS C:\> Invoke-WebRequest -Uri https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/master/sdk/samples/iot/aziot_esp8266/New-ArduinoZipLibrary.ps1 -OutFile New-ArduinoZipLibrary.ps1
    
    PS C:\> .\New-ArduinoZipLibrary.ps1
    ```

    Note that in several cases, script execution is restricted by default for security reasons. If you can't run the script above, then run PowerShell as Administrator:

    ```powershell
    Set-ExecutionPolicy Unrestricted
    ```
    

>     In this case, don't forget to move the security settings back once you complete the setup:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    In this case, don't forget to move the security settings back once you complete the setup if you wish:
```

Some people might like to keep it on to be able to run them in the future?
